Next, we want to prefix all calls to external contracts with untrusted.
As you are developing your smart contract you will encounter
scenarios where you are calling out to other contracts.
Every variable and every function call that touches
that external contract should be prefixed with untrusted.
This ensures that as you're writing your unit tests or you're
just writing code you will be aware or rather
hyper-aware that the code or the values that you are
dealing with should not be trusted and should be defensively protected against.
So you would require statements more aggressively when handling untrusted functions.